Update globalsettings.md (#5162)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/reference/configuration/globalsettings.md

### Timeout

> Configure the session timeout to determine how much time can pass without a requests being made before the user is required to log in again. The session timeout format can be set as HH:MM:SS, any activity within the backoffice will reset the timer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the session timeout to determine how much time without a request being made can pass before the user is required to log in again. The session timeout format needs to be set as `HH:MM:SS`. Any activity within the backoffice will reset the timer.
```
